Support for server-side load balancing of sessions (#1813)
ydb-platform/ydb-go-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

> * Added the previously lost HintSessionBalancer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added the previously lost `HintSessionBalancer`
```

> * Fixed the support of server-side load balancing of sessions in `database/sql` driver

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed the support of server-side session balancing in `database/sql` driver
```

> * Fixed the support for server-side load balancing of sessions ('session-balancer' value in the 'x-ydb-client-capabilities' metadata header)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed the support of server-side load balancing of sessions in `database/sql` driver
```
